service catalog product page content update (#14696)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/faq/service_catalog.md

Integrations
: Custom strings to connect integrations such as PagerDuty for identifying the service on-call.

## Enriching an existing APM service 

> If you already use APM to trace your applications, add information about those services. Initially, APM monitored services listed on the Service Catalog page have an `UNDEFINED` label on them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you already use APM to trace your applications, add information about those services. Initially, APM-monitored services listed on the Service Catalog page have an `UNDEFINED` label. 
```

Add service ownership information such as team name, Slack channels, and source code repositories, by pushing a YAML file using the POST endpoint to the [Service Definition API][7].

> ### Registering a new service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Registering a new service
```

> You can manage your service ownership information with Service Catalog even if those services are not emitting any of Datadog telemetry (such as APM traces) through the [Service Definition API][7]. Specify service ownership, on-call info, and custom tags in YAML files, and the information is reflected in the Service Catalog UI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can manage your service ownership information with the Service Catalog even if those services are not emitting any Datadog telemetry (such as APM traces) with the [Service Definition API][7]. Specify the service ownership, on-call information, and custom tags in YAML files to reflect this information in the Service Catalog. 
```
